Improve manual and script guided upgrade (#4401)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/manual_installation/script_guided_install.adoc

== Usage

It is mandatory to run this script with root previleges, because files and directories will be created and ownwership and permissions will be set. Call the instance script like:

[source,console]
----
sudo ./instance.sh
----

The script asks you a couple of questions which follow a logical path. Default answers are capitalized.

.When installing
the script extracts the files with tar and automatically extracts them to the target location without copying.

.In case of an upgrade

> the old instance path is backed up by renaming and adding a time stamp. A new target folder with the old name is created. This ensures in case of extracting and preperation issues, you can easily go back to the previous version. After a successful upgrade, you must manually remove the backup folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the old instance path is backed up by renaming and adding a time stamp. A new target folder with the old name is created. This ensures that in case of extracting and preparation issues, you can easily go back to the previous version. After a successful upgrade, you must manually remove the backup folder.
```
